hey guys well this is going to be who I
us hey now pay off a s.o.s pool and
private pool put together because I
didn't get a lot of things so I'm
screamers need to get I'll do it oh yeah
because i only got two things from there
um first things i'm alright begins they
are in a size 8 they're just full length
they are pretty sheer so so if I bent
down you probably see my bum bum but I
need one I've got any I'm really called
black and blue yeah so what a nice pair
of white leggings and everybody's on
monday when i go through the sun on
international and if you guys want to do
a like recording of it and stuff for
that i'll either put on this one or my
vlog channel depends on map it on both
but right now i think about all that you
can tell me yourself comment below and
you tell me um then i got like this
jumper top long sleeve but it nips you
in the valley code wrist and it's got
you know just because my camera doesn't
focus but it's gray with white patches
nicely patches yeah my pet is won't get
into my messages on my parents just go
away I've taught today anyway I'll move
on to parents that's only two things i
got from sls and that arise pretty
quickly even it wasn't free next day
delivery i use stalls favorite thing k
pretty fast right from primark i'll show
you the easiest thing i've got these
rose earrings for a pound they're like
pastel half they'll 3d
and that's a little cute so I decide to
pick it up I needed hair bands these are
powerful so and they come in two
different sizes for big medium and then
really tiny and I just thought this is
better for my hair so yeah I'm the other
ones I've gotta like start requiring mr.
then i bought these bangles so gold room
with arrows right now we've got pearls
unite fabric grows one diamonds a white
power down pink and crosses very nice
something really there's a hair in the
bracelet whoo mmhmm yeah this was Rick
you something simple something early and
um i bought these pump i can say pump oh
these two pounds of dicks just put out
there let me just see what this person
who wants ok and then enjoy sending me
to buy a car that i can't even afford
clever no anyway look these pumps
they're like a brownish yeah brown with
a light brown that's my six and they've
got like the Rose fabric inside I tried
these on and I don't know how I feel
about it i'm not sure i bought these to
go with the opposite i'm wearing on
monday i'll take pictures of course but
I just wasn't sure I'm not sure about me
yet but I'll grow to like them i think i
think I works like that yeah like tiny
no hail so you flip supported I don't
think makes good in the rain now so I
have it doesn't rain because I don't be
upset
then I got like this waterfall Cardian
now bummed about it because on the
hanger it's inside 10 and now I come
home really actually SAT 514 but now
Gladys a size 14 because if it was a 510
I think it would be too short I like the
way it just drops so it catches me and I
do like jump as I cover half of my hand
anyway can you even see this chap
thought well okay so it just looks like
a waterfall cardigan pumps up at the
back strips out in front but yeah I just
really like a telescope with pockets
nice and smoky nice and comfortable
bring that Matt Dunedin under the moon
ok and the last thing was I bought this
purse of this was 12 yes for fun and the
bag was eight pound and i also bought
first which is for seeing matching
button that I need a new purse anyway um
one for the light pink and two because
my other one was get a bit tacky so I
thought it'd feel really really really
really really really really long time so
I put like ever first one because i have
a bag maniac basically all the stuff i
bought today minus the asos for this
white man there's basically to complete
my outfit for monday so yeah that work
locker tell me what you think of this
hall now don't really think of the hall
tell me what you want to do if you want
me to put the london thing on both
channels on either this channel or my
blog town
comment below on how fantastic you guys
are and by